June 30th Astro release notes (#870)
astronomer/docs: astro/release-notes.md

**Latest CLI Version**: 1.2.0 ([Release notes](cli/release-notes.md))

## June 30, 2022

### New GCP regions available

You can now [create an Astro cluster on GCP](create-cluster.md) in the following regions:

- `asia-northeast1` (Tokyo)
- `asia-northeast2` (Osaka)
- `asia-northeast3` (Seoul)
- `asia-south1` (Mumbai)
- `europe-central2` (Warsaw)
- `europe-west6` (Zurich)
- `northamerica-northeast1` (Montreal)
- `us-west3` (Salt Lake City)

For a list of all GCP regions that Astro supports, see [GCP Resource Reference](resource-reference-gcp.md#gcp-region).

### Additional improvements

> You can now search for Organization members in the **People** tab at the Organization level and in the **Access** page at the Workspace level.

Author: ```suggestion
- You can now search for Organization members in the **People** tab at the Organization level and in the **Access** page at the Workspace level.
```

**Latest CLI Version**: 1.2.0 ([Release notes](cli/release-notes.md))

## June 30, 2022

### New GCP regions available

You can now [create an Astro cluster on GCP](create-cluster.md) in the following regions:

- `asia-northeast1` (Tokyo)
- `asia-northeast2` (Osaka)
- `asia-northeast3` (Seoul)
- `asia-south1` (Mumbai)
- `europe-central2` (Warsaw)
- `europe-west6` (Zurich)
- `northamerica-northeast1` (Montreal)
- `us-west3` (Salt Lake City)

> For a list of all GCP regions that Astro supports, see [GCP Resource Reference](resource-reference-gcp.md#gcp-region).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a list of all Google Cloud Platform (GCP) regions that Astro supports, see [GCP Resource Reference](resource-reference-gcp.md#gcp-region).
```

### Additional improvements

> - You can now search for Organization members in the **People** tab at the Organization level and in the **Access** page at the Workspace level.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- You can now search for Organization members by name, email address, and role in the **People** tab of the Organization view in the the Cloud UI. You can also search for members in the **Access** tab of the Workspace view.
```

### Bug fixes

> - Fixed an issue where you could not use the KubernetesPodOperator to spin up a Pod in a Kubernetes cluster outside of your Astro cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where you could not use the KubernetesPodOperator to execute tasks in a Kubernetes cluster outside of your Astro cluster. See [KubernetesPodOperator](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/kubernetespodoperator).
```

## June 23, 2022

> ### New GCP regions available

Reviewer 2: If we end up changing the header name I'd just make this one consistent!
